Added a new guide for the SLO data source (#17740)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/_index.md

## SLO widgets

After creating your SLO, you can visualize the data through Dashboards and widgets. 
  - Use the SLO Summary widget to visualize the status of a single SLO.
  - Use the SLO List widget to visualize a set of SLOs

>   - Graph metrics-based SLO data with the [SLO data source][18] in Timeseries/scalar widgets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Graph 15-months of metric-based SLO data with the [SLO data source][18] in both timeseries and scalar (query value, top list, table, change) widgets. 
```

>   - Graph 15-months of metric-based SLO data with the [SLO data source][18] in both timeseries and scalar (query value, top list, table, change) widgets. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Graph 15 months' worth of metric-based SLO data with the [SLO data source][18] in both timeseries and scalar (query value, top list, table, change) widgets. 
```

- For monitor-based SLOs, the correction time window is not counted.
- For metric-based SLOs, all good and bad events in the correction window are not counted.

> You have the option to create one-time corrections for ad-hoc adjustments, or recurring corrections for predictable adjustments that occur on a regular cadence. One-time corrections require a start and end time, while recurring corrections require a start time, duration, and interval. Recurring corrections are based on [iCalendar RFC 5545's RRULE specification][22]. The supported rules are `FREQ`, `INTERVAL`, `COUNT`, and `UNTIL`. Specifying an end date for recurring corrections is optional in case you need the correction to repeat indefinitely. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have the option to create one-time corrections for ad hoc adjustments, or recurring corrections for predictable adjustments that occur on a regular cadence. One-time corrections require a start and end time, while recurring corrections require a start time, duration, and interval. Recurring corrections are based on [iCalendar RFC 5545's RRULE specification][22]. The supported rules are `FREQ`, `INTERVAL`, `COUNT`, and `UNTIL`. Specifying an end date for recurring corrections is optional in case you need the correction to repeat indefinitely. 
```
